So, I want to change the printer
from System to PrintWriter.
PrintWriter is also
an auto-closable class, so
this will be a way that we can show,
how we can declare to have them in there.
So let's go back to our class.
We'll call this file.
Let's refactor it.
And I'm gonna call this input file.
All right, and then I want an output file.
So I wanna say file,
output file = new file and
this one will be under files and
we'll call it output.txt
Okay and then I want
Inside of here, where we are printing
to the console instead of printing
to the console and
like print to a new file.
So we are reading from one file and
printing as contents out to another file.
So I wanna make a fileReader.
FileReader is also a auto-closeable, so
I wanna put it right
here inside of this try.
So the way you would do
this is inside of here,
after the first one,
you would add a semicolon.
That's one statement.
Then you could add as many
other statements that you want.
So we'll say printWriter,
which is a java.io class.
And we'll call this one
fileWriter equals new.
And we're going to instantiate
this with print writer.
And then we can give it the output
file that we want to print to.
You don't need you can put
a semicolon at the end but
on the last one you
don't need a semicolon.
And then here I'm gonna print there.
So we'll say fileWriter.println and
it'll print what I read from the reader.
Okay.
>> Why does it not need
a semicolon after line?
16 it looks like.
>> Yeah, just because it's
the last one in the list, so
it's kind of implied, but you could
definitely add one if you wanted to.
Did it give me a warning
unnecessary semicolon.
And wow.
Pretty bossy.
>> I've just never like seen very
many Java conventions are just
>> Yeah, no, I know.
I'm not sure I'm not sure why
they set this up like that.
I guess because it's inside of
a set of parentheses maybe.
Like it is kind of weird to say like
another one that's coming almost like in
JSON where you have commas
after like each thing.
And on the last one you don't
put another comma it just
feels a little weird
it gives me that vibe.
All right this is still pretty,
it's a little complex, right?
The thing to note about these auto
closable resources is that it's going to
close them in the reverse order.
So if that matters for you at all, then
you need to put them in the way that you
want them, put them in a reverse order
that you want them closed, right?
So, for example the writer is
closing before the reader.
If you needed the input file
closed before the output file,
if that mattered at all,
you would just switch the order of these.
But it's going to close from bottom up.
>> First in, last out.
>> Say it again?
First in, last out?
First in, last out.
Yes, that's correct.
That's correct.
Questions on tri-web resources?
All right, very nice.